spiderman spiderman does whatever a
spider can in the web anybody can't you
see just like I look out here comes a
fireman
you
I'm coming for your vein get ready get
ready come on vein let's kill him let's
kill them go go go that spider lady of
time to get Sivir all right all right
here yep pattern all right let's go for
Sona guys got flashing stunned somebody
do something no let's all just get shot
by chopper great idea good idea guys
let's do it right now we're falling back
what we're gonna do we're just gonna see
us okay here hey guys what's going
that's going on I got to Sona yeah here
I can go to work let's go let's go hey
bitch how you doing I got it thank you
for that help all right let's get so
let's get this spider bitch all right
all right now Ferrari all right all
right bitch nice nice old get bimbo oh
gotcha fuck I done you try and touch my
tower Oh get the fuck back leave my
tower alone I'm warning you you don't
want to be around here when I'm pissed
all right again let's go let's go yeah
that's right BAM haha good job oh fuck
fuck you Ari fuck you
I got you zipper kick this bitch in the
face now we go here your flat come on
I'm you over the wall no and hit the jab
cash flow thank you have a nice day
Garin we're coming for you we're coming
for you again you better run yep flash
good idea not gonna help you now let's
go can't go anywhere now again we got
you where are you leading again come on
where you lead to me oh you let me to
spider bitch gotcha see you later punk
all right now let's let's kill this
thing before it lays eggs for at least
moorings well re how many times did I
tell you get the fuck away from my power
alright Sona I got some business with
you again let us do our business alright
Guerin okay it's your turn where do you
think you're going trying to hurt my
friend ya know bye bye and I'm go nice
try nice try guys all right here we go
let's take tower guys let's go it's good
tell me take it ticket vice old sona and
you're dead and you too re goodbye where
you think you goin spider bitch you
ain't getting away
see fucking thing Oh Garin hi how you
doing oh wow that was painful and bitch
dies all right let's come on come on
taarak what the fuck you doing tart
Thank You torque alright guys I went in
let's all go in now and now that's a so
Knowlton all right right I shouldn't end
I q2 that douche and then we take tower
let's go come on we got this take the n
dip all right we can win this let's go
guys saved your life all right let's
push tower let's win re re all right why
you why you messin with my friend and I
saved your life two times all right push
tower and the game for ending the game
sauna wants a piece of this to all right
here all right bye-bye sauna thank you
thank you participation was great